This week, I only had a few notable uses of AI, one of the being chatGPT, where I asked it to create a study plan for a certification I
am trying to get. I think this is one the most "practical" uses of AI, where youre not actually asking for it to provide you with any profound
knowledge, but rather using it to do tasks which require complex orginization, things that have lots of components which would be difficult
for a human brain to process and piece all together. this is my chat with it: https://chatgpt.com/c/68c73d7b-dd54-832c-ba51-9ed1a1f8f49c



Week 2 

This week I wanted to calibrate my ChatGPT account in order for it to get to know what courses I'm taking. 
Just out of curiosity, I asked if it knew what classes I was taking currently, just based on my previous chats, 
even though I have never explicitly told it about what classes I'm taking. The list of courses it gave me was 
all my courses from the previous semester. This means that the AI model is very good at recognizing courses based 
on content; however, it probably needs larger amounts of data fed into it by the user before it can confirm if the 
user is taking a certain course or whether the user is just asking singular questions. I spent a lot of time last 
semester feeding ChatGPT practice problems and whatnot from my courses, so I'm sure once I get farther 
into the semester, it will start to recognize what courses I'm taking currently. 


week 3: 

This week i used AI several times, mostly for motonous work from some of my courses, however one use of AI 
I think was interesting was when I used it to search for a historical record of past ticket prices for this DJ
I wanted to get tickets for. I'm planning on selling one of the tickets, so I wanted to know if the price is likely
to rise in the near future. I asked chatGPT for the past ticket prices that have been listed before, however 
it seemed to produce results which were all over the place. The ticket prices it priduced were ranging from less than 100 to 
1000 dollars, which is not really helpful in my case. I have noticed that I google things less often now, but rather
use chatGPT as my search engine. I think the age of googling things is coming to a close, because why manually search for 
things when you can have an AI assistant pull exact pieces of information from that same data pool? This is the link
to my chat: https://chatgpt.com/c/68d54fc8-9934-8331-8bbb-77d3f9cc6939  

week 4: This week I used AI a lot for my gender studies course. Most readings we are assigned are tedious and longwinded, 
so I used AI to summarize some of them. I think this is one of the best uses of AI, because the output you would get from 
such a request has no chance of being faulty. The AI is simply regurgitating, but in different words, which is what it does
best. However, once I started trying to actually get insight on the readings, thats where it becomes difficult, 
because chatGPT often holds back certain observations in order to appeal to the user, which can become a problem when
trying to give an unbiased take on topics involving race and socioeconomic statis. This is my chat with:
https://chatgpt.com/c/68f67912-f3b8-8322-9e1c-df46d6ce97df 


wwek 5: 

This week I used AI to help me with one of my gened courses: edhd231. This course is a study on creativity, and we 
were tasked with creating a map of concepts introduced within the course. One thing I found it often struggled with 
was generating connections between terms. suprisingly though, its image generation for the mind map was decent. All 
the lines actually connected to nodes, and the text was perfect and not blurry. However, I do wish that chatGPT 
could directly access external tools, such as the platform "lucid" which is where the actual mind map is done. Lucid has its
own AI feature, however it is not nearly as advanced as chatGPT, so its practiaclly useless. This is my chat: 
https://chatgpt.com/c/68f96aa9-b0b8-8325-a1d8-23dabc781cc5

week 6: 
This week I used AI to find peer reviewed, reliable sources for one of my papers. One of the most tedious parts of 
writing a research paper is finding reliable sources. I used chatGPT to do a targeted search on links across the 
web, on the topic of the impacts of alternative banking on climate. obviously I had to double check the validity of 
each source, but it is still much more convinenet than searching for it on google. Furthermore, I can paste the contents
of each peer reviewed article into chatGPT and get insight on the actual content. This is my chat: 
https://chatgpt.com/c/68f2d268-fb64-8322-a5a9-bffd900c99a1 



